You lead the way to Mrs. Liu to see your sister-in-law.
No, why are you standing there? Hurry up.
Grandma, we have all been on our way
How about taking a break and going another day?
I don't know why in my heart
Just restless
Let’s talk about your sister-in-law
I didn’t take you back when I came back.
Now he doesn't know where we are moving.
We have to go and talk to your sister-in-law.
Oh, that's easy to say
I asked someone to bring a message to my sister-in-law.
Just ask him and his uncle to come back to see you, right?
you say
Let your new son-in-law come see this place.
Besides, I just want to come up with some ideas from you.
Give us a spacious place to live if it hurts
The Liu family is also a wealthy family after all.
Then there must be more than one in our hospital
There must be several of them
Look at grandma
This little girl
As soon as I got married, I asked my husband’s family to arrange a place to live.
The Liu family will definitely gossip if they find out.
Yeah that
What if the Liu family is worried about this?
What should I do if my sister-in-law is in trouble?
Oh, let’s talk again
You are the mother-in-law of Young Master Liu after all.
How embarrassing was that cute girl in the past?
Uh, let me let my sister-in-law know first.
Let him be prepared
It won’t be too late for you to go by then
Then hurry up
I'll wait, okay
Fortunately, I asked you first today
Said that he went to Liu Mansion by himself
I found out that my sister-in-law was being used as a mistress.
I don’t know what to send yet.
But Qiao Nai was like that just now
Even if I don’t go today
My dad can't hold it in anymore either.
It seems
You act now
Shopkeeper Yang is here again
Hahahahaha
Even the shopkeeper haha
Look at this
People come and deliver food to us every now and then.
If you become your own business
That's not good
Hahaha
Oops, I gave away so many gifts today hahahaha
Oh, our boss Shen has said it
Mr. Liu takes the best care of him in Jing Yang Bank.
He specifically told us not to neglect Liu Fu.
And I’m still thinking about bringing food to my eldest brother.
oops
Look at how lucky I am. Come on, come on, please, please, please
Ouch hahaha
That old rule
I'm going to heat up the food
You go and eat first, okay?
Shopkeeper, please come quickly.
oops
Stop, okay, let them in.
lane separation action
I’ve been really tired lately. I’d like to have a drink at night.
There's a girl in the car
Oh, say it nicely
Remember it
Yeah, right
That big beard
It was the last time I blocked you in the field.
Ask those of you who have gambling debts
Don’t be afraid when you see him later
He is the helper I hired
What happened to the debt owed by the second brother?
I'll explain this to you later
Remember, you must hurry up
Come on, I want to see grandpa
Open the door for me quickly
Open the door quickly. I want to see grandpa.
Grandpa is here
Grandpa even called my mother to see you
His tone sounded like he had given in.
These kittens and puppies still need to be trained, right?
That girl is really short-sighted
You have suffered so much for nothing
In the end, I don’t have to serve you obediently.
master
go
Find someone
Clean this girl up and give her good clothes.
Leave it in the house and wait for it to go.
Coming
Ouch, Ouch, even the shopkeeper, please stop being busy and come on.
Sit down, sit down
Eat it while it's hot. It's hot.
Look at the good friends I brought with me
And there’s wine, hahaha
Oh, good wine and good food
or
Invite our eldest brother to come and eat this together
Oh, look at this
And oh hahaha
OK
So let's make an exception today
Zhuangzi, come over here
You drag the two guys at the door over here.
Today, my brother will bring you some meat.
Go quickly, go quickly, okay
Hurry up
Come on, come on, shopkeeper, come on, you two
It’s so lively with so many people here
yes yes yes good
Come on, come on, brothers, come and sit down.
This Cai Kang, Nana, that is having sex today. You, sit here.
Oh, let’s go
Want a bowl? You guys go inside and get it?
Take the bowl
Is there a stadium?
Why hasn't the master come yet?
I'm hungry. Go and bring me a whole bowl of bird's nest in front of you.
But grandpa, what did he tell me to be thirsty for?
I tell you
I am now the closest person to my grandpa.
How dare you neglect me
Don't dare to shut up
What are you still doing?
Afraid that I might run away
Mrs. Dalian
long time no see
I've lost weight
These are the clothes you need to change into, right?
Hey madam
Don't change clothes yet
We can still laugh
What's coming
Ha ha ha ha
Gee don't want two
I think one bite or two
Brother, you have to continue. Is it time to measure?
I can't drink anymore. I can't drink anymore. Yeah.
Very happy two shopkeepers
I'll drink with you
Give it a try
drink you
You can also buy it from Mom.
Ah, come on, two shopkeepers
I'll give you a drink, haha
Um
fine
Come on, no need to post it tonight, sir.
Madam, I’ve been waiting so hard for this moment. Oops.
Master, where are you talking about?
I've had such a hard time waiting for you.
Then let’s work hard and be happy haha
Wait for me this
Well it's him
What's soothing about this?
I can make this old guy sleep in a deep sleep
Why did you come?
I've drank 800 rounds
It's not because of you old pervert
My legs squatting on the bed are numb
Let's go now
who
Oops
I can't do it anymore, brother
If you can’t drink anymore, you have to go back.
quick
The second girl has finally come out.
We are all prepared to fight in with little or no risk.
near miss
That's so real brother
That's right, this is it
Third brother, give this to you
I'll leave the rest to my brothers, okay?
Mom, it's getting late. Let's go home quickly.
Not yet
If you wake up like a rich man, if you are not here
He will definitely look for you without telling you
You should follow Fourth Brother back to Black Tiger Village to hide for a while.
I'll go find you after the wind has passed in two days
OK
Wait until you are with him
The third brother quickly asked the brothers to change
Let's get down to business
Walk
Brother Zi, can he come out?
who are you
Why do you want me to come out so late?
Boss Cao, please forgive me.
I am the new eldest son of the Liu family
Entrusted by Mr. Liu to deliver goods to you
Why don't you go to the inn?
Where is Mr. Liu?
Mr. Liu recently had a concubine, Xin Na
Now is the time when we can't escape
otherwise
Don't let me disturb your boss Cao's dream either.
Master Liu said
What is the name of this batch of goods?
It must be sent to Linshui City Linshui City
Then why did the delivery place change?
The wind is blowing hard
Why don't you waste words with me here?
It's better to start quickly
If this goods cannot be delivered on time,
Neither you nor I can bear it.
The old rule is that if the goods are not available, remember not to open the box.
But it will be delivered tomorrow
Even if I hit the road immediately
I'm afraid it's not possible either.
Danger, just to be on the safe side
The map route I gave you is quite detoured.
But now the villagers in those villages have all been emptied.
Just go boldly
I will definitely be able to find the overnight tutorial tomorrow.
Master Liu also said
This shipment has been delivered
Double the benefits
good
Then I'll pack up and leave immediately
Have a prison
This is awesome
Lang Jun
How is the alleged progress?
all the best
Xiu'er has successfully rescued the fourth child
He was temporarily placed in Black Tiger Village
The third child has also handed over the goods to Boss Cao
Boss Cao has no doubts at all
Everything has been arranged over Linshui.
Well, as you command
Already Fei Ge earlier
Sent message to Woods
Please, Lord Loyalty, cooperate with us to put on a show.
If nothing else happens
Lord Loyalty should have arrived at the water by now.
good
Can I drink tea for the 5th anniversary in advance?
It depends on tomorrow
Just wait and see.
Lord Loyalty, this journey has been tiring.
You should take more rest
But the subordinate's arrangements were not good enough.
Please forgive me, sir.
my love
No matter how deep the official duties are
It’s not like we came here to play in mountains and rivers.
Well
Last month, the college jade also went on a ground tour.
This is where all matters, big and small, have been accomplished
Could it be that there are some omissions?
And I’m sorry to bother you, I’ll make another trip.
You are a border town drug station in Qinzhou Prefecture.
Look at the people coming and going
It is inevitable that there will be thieves and bandits among them.
You have to be careful before eating it
Then please don't worry, sir.
Not Xiaguan Cross-Haikou
I have been free from thieves and bandits for many years.
No one dares to commit a crime under my nose
Hahaha
stop
What is Guan Ye's luck?
Back to Mr. Guan, all my luck is high-quality tea.
The tea leaves are also hung with maple leaves
This tea is expensive
I'm afraid that someone will drop my bag along the way.
So it's better to be careful
Fragrant
adult hayashi
After the inspection here later
I'll accompany you around the city again
good
Why
be careful careful be careful
Didn't you say sports tea?
How dare you smuggle hematite ore?
Get them all for me
hayashi adult adult
adult
Sir Lin, I don’t know anything about this.
I was deceived, sir.
grandpa
Someone is coming
Oh, grandpa
Why
Grandpa, you finally woke up
Where is my dear? Aren’t you always with me?
son
Where are the people?
I don't know
Come and change the door to see you in the morning, little one.
Haven't agreed for a long time
Don't dare to disturb
What time is it?
It’s already time to apply
plot against me
open the door
Who opens the door?
Ouch, what are you doing?
Hey, what do you want to do?
Mr. Liu, what the hell is going on here?
Good to go over there
What's wrong with this, this, this, this?
damn thing
Dare to tease me
How dare I tease you, sir?
In the uncle's house
I do not know either
How dare your sister drug me?
If you don’t make friends today
Just don’t leave this yard anymore. Oh, Grandpa Liu.
We haven't seen him since he married into the Liu family.
Get past him, right
Xueer is not here with us
He really isn't here with us.
No one is without Mr. Liu.
Get on quickly
Fight
Hit, don't hit
Brothers
Even if I want to be a boss tomorrow
I'm going to beat you today too
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
I beg you
If you can't fight anymore, you really have to live in the People's Temple.
uncle
ah
Sixth Master
I have something urgent to ask you to get out of here.
Ahhhhhhh
Uncle, come out quickly, come out quickly
uncle
Are you okay, uncle?
ah
Uncle haha
I really don’t know, haha, uncle, they are gone
Oh, uncle, uncle, uncle
It's me, it's me, they're gone, people are gone
The uncle is gone
People are gone, uncle
What a good thing you did, Mr. Wu.
what did i do
without my order
Why did you let Boss Cao ship the goods?
We still walk on the main road where people come and go.
He has been temporarily arrested now
A pile of hematite baskets of bad luck
I can't even save my head if I expose you.
do you know
I didn’t ask Boss Cao to ship the goods
Then where did his luck come from?
He gave me the courage to do this without your income.
I really don't have it
Don't worry, what's going on with Boss Cao now?
I'm going to pour some water on this matter right away.
Shandi has been captured
There will also be inspections by the imperial court.
His truck broke down
The goods were spilled all over the floor in full view of everyone.
Even the gods can't help him.
May
You must believe me on this matter
I have nothing to do with this at all
jade plaque shipped
You've always been the one running the show
Do you dare to say that it has nothing to do with you?
Fifth Master
The jade medal has never been given to this Boss Cao
Stop lifting it
Are you taking pictures?
Yiyi has always been here.
My boss
What a big mistake
Hou Ye was angry
Zifan was my negligence
Didn't take care of his subordinates
Please be sure to leave a message to Mr. Hou
please give me a chance
Let me atone for my sins
Forget about atonement for your sins.
My boss
It’s better to clean up your own backyard first.
Don't get to the time of death
I don’t know who did it yet
Take a group photo
Woods people
Have been in Jiyang County for a long time
Brother Shen
Fifth Master, why are you here?
What's wrong with Mr. Wu?
Looking so panicked
Liu Fugui was killed
Just die wandering
Killed by whom
It doesn't matter who is killed
What's important is that I'm being targeted.
My backyard is on fire
What does Mr. Wu mean by this?
above, above, above
Anyway, I can’t explain a word or two clearly.
Don’t even ask.
I'm coming to see you today
I just want you to do me a favor
Brother Shen helped me collect land before.
I can rely on you now
only you
I want any instructions
Please feel free to speak
Just follow this route to pick up a batch of goods.
The delivery location is also above
The pick-up point on Wuye’s map is
Did you say mine?
I remember people from the guild said
The private words you let everyone use are just a cover
This is the sound of real money making
Previously, Liu Fugui was responsible for starting the mine.
Then give it to the people below
The person below is responsible for the lust madness
But now he is dead
I really have no other way
I can only trouble Brother Shen to make a trip in person.
after it's done
There are certainly many benefits
18 days
Me to the end
can i trust you
Fifth Master’s Instructions
My little brother will do his best
No excuses
Remember to use criminal concealment
You must not be discovered by the authorities.
after it's done
I will never break my promise
Please rest assured, too
walk slowly
start barking
Successful
I'll go to this location on the map to find out first.
Confirm whether it is Chitieguan Guangdong
You hurry up and bring the news to Phineas back to Wood Temple.
When will Lang Jun come to the mountain?
tomorrow
Try this bun, this bun
Look at Rouge
Sister, look at Rouge
Rouge, right? Yes, yes, yes, ouch
this this
How did you sell it for 200,000?
so expensive
Do you have propolis in this?
Is there osmanthus?
Go, go, buy. Others will delay your business.
Too expensive for such a small one
I have to tell Ye this time
Our family can’t buy it so cheaply either.
Buy some work. Does this smell good?
Okay, okay, come on, let's talk about death this morning
The whole Liu family is in chaos
Those little girls of his
Took away all the valuable things
Deserve it
When I was working as an errand for Liu Hu
he
They never gave us a good look at our work.
I don’t know how many servants were beaten to death.
Really
Well, this big brother
Who did you just say died?
Mr. Liu from the town
Liu Fugui, Master Liu is dead
Yes, you know him
That's right
You said Grandpa Liu is dead?
Will his son be able to take charge of things?
How can Liu Fugui have a son?
Liu Fugui has no son.
This concubine marries one after another
Without children, there will be no one, hahaha
Then do you know how to get to his house?
Heng 2nd Lane, Xishikou
You want to go
Hey, I just went to join in the fun, haha
You eat yours
Yes, yes, these buns are really delicious.
Come and play games all day
daughter
I have reheated these dishes three times
Take a bite
Don’t eat it. Oh, this is good.
I have no appetite to open my mouth.
Something happened, something happened
Home page, mother, you are back
What can happen to him?
Liu Mansion
Something big happened in the Liu Mansion
Which Liu Mansion? Which Liu Mansion?
Who else could it be from the Liu family?
The one who shows off her marriage
Master Liu is dead. Master Liu is dead.
That's a good time for us to go and pay homage.
By the way, take a look at Xiuhe and his son-in-law
Right, no, not you
I just heard the news
So I hurried to Liu Mansion.
Asked around
Finally figured out what was going on
That Grandpa Liu
It's Mr. Liu who is showing off his marriage
Xiu was tricked into becoming a mistress.
What kind of girl is that showing off?
Show this, Mr. Liu means everything to everyone in the Liu family
The show was completely messed up and I don’t know where it went.
Oh my bear
Hey, mother-in-law, this and this are called the third child
Lao San Lao San
You're about to faint. Stop.
The mother-in-law wants the mother-in-law
uncle
It's my uncle, it's me, it's me
You should drink the medicine quickly.
The doctor said this medicine is very good
Just drink it and you'll be fine
uncle
That Liu Fugui?
If he dies, he won't trouble you again.
It wasn't me who killed it. It wasn't me who killed it.
I never said you killed me
Join forces
Brother, sister-in-law, uncle, everything is okay
It's my brother
I'm coming
Hey, second brother and third brother, why are you here?
Why
year orc
What are you hiding from?
Didn't I kill anyone? You and I didn't kill anyone?
Do you bully others?
Let go of your elder brother. Let go of your elder brother.
I didn't kill anyone
Big brother
Does he still act like a big brother?
On weekdays, I treat you like a phoenix.
But I didn't expect
You are so shameless for this reason
Third brother, please calm down first.
Can you listen to my explanation?
What else is there to explain?
Which elder brother can sell his own sister?
Xiu'er is missing now
Why are you still pretending to be crazy here?
What are you selling stupidly?
Relax third brother
Third brother, third brother, your eldest brother is really crazy.
He didn't pretend
I know it's wrong
Leave a message Oops
ah
What's going on
Beaten by Liu Fugui
yes
It was your elder brother who tricked Xiuer into selling her to Liupu District.
But he can't help it
you do not know
Boss Liu from Jingyang Bank threatened him
If you don't obey him
Even your eldest brother's life will be lost.
Mr. Liu
not you
Why don't you discuss such a big matter with your family?
How to discuss
It’s not that you don’t know how much my mother needs me
Let the need be done small
You must agree to this
By the time
Could it be that we are watching the whole family being implicated together?
enough
You two
When did you really think about the Lian family?
Something happened every time
You will only think of this home when you are short of money
Mom, it’s just for show
fainted on the spot
You guys still have the nerve to say it’s just for the sake of cheapness?
You follow me
Come with me even if you are crazy
You have to follow me to survive.
Third brother
It was your elder brother who did something wrong
But look at what he looks like now
That Liu Fugui forced him to torture him
Is it possible that you are brothers?
Are you going to torture him and force him too?
we were wrong
We are sorry for being cheap
Sister-in-law, please
Why
The third child
Xiao Xiaowei
Come, come, go first, go first
What's wrong
Give him the third child
Find a good doctor for your elder brother first.
Get up
I didn't kill anyone
on
god of
Autumn that leads to spring rain
Rain leaves and flowers also fall